docs: Grammar overhaul (#20636)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/3.going-further/5.nuxt-app.md

Plugins also receive `nuxtApp` as the first argument for convenience. [Read more about plugins.](/docs/guide/directory-structure/plugins)

::alert{icon=👉}

> **`useNuxtApp` (on the server) only works during `setup` inside Nuxt plugins or `Lifecycle Hooks`**.

Reviewer: Removing comma changed the meaning of the sentence :)

Also, worth having a look: https://www.proofreadnow.com/blog/putting-only-in-its-place
```suggestion
**`useNuxtApp` (on the server) works only during component's `setup` function, lifecycle hooks and inside Nuxt plugins.**
```

::

## Providing Helpers

> You can provide helpers to be usable across all composables and applications. It usually happens within a Nuxt plugin.

Author: What is your opinion on: "You can provide helpers to be usable across all composables in your application and all applications globally.."?

> You can provide helpers to be usable across all composables and applications. It usually happens within a Nuxt plugin.

Reviewer: Let's have a look at the page's heading:

> In Nuxt 3, you can access runtime app context within composables, components and plugins. In Nuxt 2, this was referred to as [Nuxt context](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/internals-glossary/context#the-context).

Knowing it already states where it is possible to access app's runtime context, what about something like this:

> You can provide custom helpers to the Nuxt's runtime context. This usually happens within a Nuxt plugin.

> You can provide helpers to be usable across all composables and applications. It usually happens within a Nuxt plugin.

Author: Good idea! Will change it.
